Documentation/Events/Index.rst, before:

.. include:: ../Includes.txt

============================
Events, Sprints, Slack Calls
============================


Slack Calls
===========

There is a monthly Slack call in the **#typo3-documentation** channel.


Date:
   Every third Friday of the month
Time:
   13:00 UTC (UTC) until 14:00 UTC (Amsterdam, Berlin, London) `Link to show time in your local timezone <https://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=13%3A00&tz=UTC%20(Coordinated%20Universal%20Time)&>`__
Duration:
   One hour
Place:
   #typo3-documentation channel in Slack
Who can participate:
   everyone. You do not have to be a team member!


For more information about Slack, please see the `Wiki Slack page <https://wiki.typo3.org/Slack>`__,
to register, go to `Slack: my.typo3.org <https://my.typo3.org/about-mytypo3org/slack/>`__.

Next Slack Call
---------------

See `Forge Wiki team-docteam <https://forge.typo3.org/projects/team-docteam/wiki>`__


Past Slack Call Notes
---------------------

See `Forge Wiki <https://forge.typo3.org/projects/team-docteam/wiki/index>`__

Sprints
=======

Commit message:

Fix timezone information on events page

Documentation/Events/Index.rst, after:

.. include:: ../Includes.txt

============================
Events, Sprints, Slack Calls
============================


Slack Calls
===========

There is a monthly Slack call in the **#typo3-documentation** channel.


Date:
   Every third Friday of the month
Time:
   14:00 CEST until 15:00 CEST (Berlin, Amsterdam)
Duration:
   One hour
Place:
   #typo3-documentation channel in Slack
Who can participate:
   everyone. You do not have to be a team member!
Direct link to Slack:
   https://typo3.slack.com


For more information about Slack, please see the `Wiki Slack page <https://wiki.typo3.org/Slack>`__,
to register, go to `Slack: my.typo3.org <https://my.typo3.org/about-mytypo3org/slack/>`__.

Next Slack Call
---------------

See "topic" in #typo3-documentation channel in Slack (topic is listed in the top, under the
channel name).

.. image:: ../images/slackCall.gif
   :class: with-shadow


Past Slack Call Notes
---------------------

See `Forge Wiki <https://forge.typo3.org/projects/team-docteam/wiki/index>`__

Sprints
=======

Watch the events page: https://typo3.org/events

Currently, no sprints are planned.
