Documentation/Drafts/AnnotatedBibliography.rst, before:

.. include:: ../Includes.txt

======================
Annotated Bibliography
======================

Reading list: What to read when?
================================

((to be written))

.. contrib-guide-docs-notes-linklist:

Linklist 
========



.. _contrib-guide-docs-notes-linklist-docs-about-docs:

Documentation about how to write documentation for TYPO3
--------------------------------------------------------

.. important::
   This is an incomplete list started by Sybille Peters. Please help to complete this list and then remove this note.
   You can use this as a start for the new idea "Annotated Bibliography".


Writing documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- `"How to document" <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/HowToDocument/Index.html>`__ : How to use reST, general rules for our docs.
- `"no title" (t3SphinxThemeDemoDocs) <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/drafts/github/TYPO3-Documentation/t3SphinxThemeRtdDemoDocs/>`__ : Examples (can probably be compared with the "styleguide" for the core?)
- `"Teaching Docs" <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/drafts/github/T3DocumentationStarter/Public-Info-001/TeachingDocs/>`__
- `"Style Guides" <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/drafts/github/T3DocumentationStarter/Public-Info-001/StyleGuides/Index.html>`__
- `"Writing documentation <https://docs.typo3.org/Tips/DocumentationWriters/Index.html>`__
- `"About TYPO3 Documentation <https://docs.typo3.org/About.html>`__: 

   - `Writing documentation <https://docs.typo3.org/Tips/DocumentationWriters/Index.html#>`__
   - `How to trigger rendering <https://docs.typo3.org/Tips/DocumentationWriters/DocumentationBuild/Index.html>`__
   - `Documentation news <https://docs.typo3.org/News/Index.html>`__
   - more ...


Rendering Toolchain
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- using docker for local rendering: `Readme <https://github.com/t3docs/docker-render-documentation/blob/master/README.rst>`__
- `t3SphinxThemeRtd <https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/t3SphinxThemeRtd>`__ : used for rendering. If you use docker for local rendering or the GUI on github to edit documents, you do not need this!

Documentation only for Docs Team
--------------------------------

- `T3Docs Team Writing here <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/drafts/github/T3DocumentationStarter/Public-Info-054/Index.html>`__

Commit message:

Add drafts and issues
- Change some issues
- Add proposals
- Add draft for "Documentation Contribution Guide"
- Add overview of manuals

Documentation/Drafts/AnnotatedBibliography.rst, after:

.. include:: ../Includes.txt

======================
Annotated Bibliography
======================

This is a list about docs about writing docs.

Reading list: What to read when?
================================

((to be written))

.. contrib-guide-docs-notes-linklist:

Linklist 
========



.. _contrib-guide-docs-notes-linklist-docs-about-docs:

Documentation about how to write documentation for TYPO3
--------------------------------------------------------

.. important::
   This is an incomplete list started by Sybille Peters. Please help to complete this list and then remove this note.
   You can use this as a start for the new idea "Annotated Bibliography".


Writing documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- `"How to document" <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/HowToDocument/Index.html>`__ : How to use reST, general rules for our docs.
- `"no title" (t3SphinxThemeDemoDocs) <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/drafts/github/TYPO3-Documentation/t3SphinxThemeRtdDemoDocs/>`__ : Examples (can probably be compared with the "styleguide" for the core?)
- `"Teaching Docs" <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/drafts/github/T3DocumentationStarter/Public-Info-001/TeachingDocs/>`__
- `"Style Guides" <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/drafts/github/T3DocumentationStarter/Public-Info-001/StyleGuides/Index.html>`__
- `"Writing documentation <https://docs.typo3.org/Tips/DocumentationWriters/Index.html>`__
- `"About TYPO3 Documentation <https://docs.typo3.org/About.html>`__:

   - `Writing documentation <https://docs.typo3.org/Tips/DocumentationWriters/Index.html#>`__
   - `How to trigger rendering <https://docs.typo3.org/Tips/DocumentationWriters/DocumentationBuild/Index.html>`__
   - `Documentation news <https://docs.typo3.org/News/Index.html>`__
   - more ...


Rendering Toolchain
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- `Render TYPO3 Documentation Guide
  <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/RenderTYPO3DocumentationGuide/>`__
- using docker for local rendering: `Readme <https://github.com/t3docs/docker-render-documentation/blob/master/README.rst>`__
- `t3SphinxThemeRtd <https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/t3SphinxThemeRtd>`__ : used for rendering. If you use docker for local rendering or the GUI on github to edit documents, you do not need this!

Documentation only for Docs Team
--------------------------------

- `T3Docs Team Writing here <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/drafts/github/T3DocumentationStarter/Public-Info-054/Index.html>`__
